smell
smellt
smelled
smell
smellt
smelled
speak
spoke
spoken
speak
spoke
spoken
spell
spelt
spilled
spell
spelt
spelled
spend
spent
spread spread spread spread spread stand stood stood stand stood stood stood
stick stuck stuck stick stuck stuck
sweep swept swept sweep swept swept
swim swam swam swim swam
swam take took taken take took taken taken
teach taught taught teach taught taught
tall told told tall told told told
think thought thought think thought thought thought throw through throw throw throw
throw through throw understand understood understood understand understood
would wake woke woke woken wake woke
woken where war warn where war warn will would will would win one win win one win one
one one right wrote written write wrote written